Resources.mdx, before:

---
title: "Resources"
description: "Official Vibecode community links and resources"
---

Connect with the Vibecode community and stay updated with the latest news and discussions.

## Social Media

Follow Vibecode on your favorite platforms:

- **Twitter/X**: [@vibecodeapp](https://x.com/vibecodeapp) - Latest updates and announcements
- **Instagram**: [@vibecodeapp](https://www.instagram.com/vibecodeapp/) - Visual inspiration and community highlights
- **LinkedIn**: [@vibecodeapp](https://www.linkedin.com/company/vibecodeapp) - Company news and team updates

## Community Hubs

Join the conversation in our official community spaces:

- **Discord**: [Join our Discord server](https://discord.gg/qXyWYYX5Ts) - Real-time chat with the community

## App Downloads

Get Vibecode on your device:

- **iOS**: [Download on App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/vibecode-ai-app-builder/id6742912146)
- **Android**: [Download on Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vibecodeapp.app)

Commit message:

Update support information across documentation to emphasize using Intercom chat in the app for direct assistance, while retaining Discord community links for additional support.

Resources.mdx, after:

---
title: "Resources"
description: "Official Vibecode community links and resources"
---

Connect with the Vibecode community and stay updated with the latest news and discussions.

## Social Media

Follow Vibecode on your favorite platforms:

- **Twitter/X**: [@vibecodeapp](https://x.com/vibecodeapp) - Latest updates and announcements
- **Instagram**: [@vibecodeapp](https://www.instagram.com/vibecodeapp/) - Visual inspiration and community highlights
- **LinkedIn**: [@vibecodeapp](https://www.linkedin.com/company/vibecodeapp) - Company news and team updates

## Community Hubs

Join the conversation in our official community spaces:

- **Discord**: [Join our Discord server](https://discord.gg/qXyWYYX5Ts) - Real-time chat with the community

## Official Support

For direct support from the Vibecode team, use Intercom chat in the app - it's the easiest way to request support! You'll be notified by email and notification when we reply to you.

## App Downloads

Get Vibecode on your device:

- **iOS**: [Download on App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/vibecode-ai-app-builder/id6742912146)
- **Android**: [Download on Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vibecodeapp.app)
