Getting-Started/Plans-and-Credits.mdx, before:

---
title: "Plans and Credits"
description: "Understanding Vibecode pricing, plans, and credit system"
---

Vibecode follows an industry-first "Wholesale Credit System". This means that \$1 on the Vibecode platform is exactly the \$1 cost we incur from the AI model providers like OpenAI for GPT-5 or Anthropic for Claude 4 Sonnet.

This allows us to offer the most fair, transparent, and aligned pricing system with our users. We make no money when you are using our AI Agent. In the future, we plan to make money by offering hosting, deployment, payments, and other related services to build production-ready apps.

Vibecode is a subscription based service with a free plan and 3 paid plans. When you pay for a subscription you get access to more features, and more credits. You need credits to send messages in Vibecode.

## Plus Plan (\$20)

- \$60 of AI Credits (limited time offer!)
- Share apps with friends
- Human support for your apps
- Ideal for first time vibe coders

## Pro Plan (\$50)

- \$150 of AI Credits (limited time offer!)
- Share apps with friends
- Priority Technical Support - Get a real developer to help you
- SSH with Cursor
- Download Source Code
- App Store Submission
- Ideal for experienced developers and vibe coders

## Max Plan

- \$750 worth of credits (early bird offer!)
- Everything that's included in pro plan
- Priority Technical Support - Get a real developer to help you (24/7, 1 minute response time)

**Credits roll over each billing cycle and never expire.**

### Important Notice:

Our pricing tiers are experimental and may evolve. We're still trying to figure out the exact way to price this product, and we may change our tier limits at any time as defined in the [terms of service](https://www.vibecodeapp.com/terms).

## FAQ about Billing

### What is a credit

Credits are used when submitting prompts in Vibecode.

### How can I upgrade my subscription?

**Web:** You can upgrade your subscription by signing into Vibecode and then clicking Upgrade in the bottom left on the web app.

**iPhone:** You can upgrade by clicking the Profile or Settings button and then scrolling down to click "Upgrade Subscription"

### How can I downgrade my subscription?

**Web:** You can downgrade your subscription by signing into Vibecode and then clicking Upgrade in the bottom left. This will allow you to select a different plan.

**iPhone:** You can follow the instructions [here](https://support.apple.com/en-us/118448)

### How can I cancel my subscription?

**Web:** You can change your billing information by going to https://www.vibecodeapp.com/account and then clicking "Manage Subscription"

**iOS:** You can follow the instructions [here](https://support.apple.com/guide/iphone/view-or-cancel-subscriptions-iph4e3e7324f/ios)

### How can I change my billing information?

You can change your billing information by going to https://www.vibecodeapp.com/account and then clicking "Manage Subscription"

### How do I download my invoices?

You can download your invoice by logging into Stripe or Apple, based on your subscription.

### How do I get more credits?

You can get more FREE credits by posting about Vibecode on X, Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, LinkedIn, Facebook, Reddit, Threads, or Bluesky.

Log into Vibecode and click in the bottom left to redeem!

You can always buy more credits by upgrading your plan or enabling pay-as-you-go.

### When does my credit limit reset?

At the date of your billing cycle every month.

### Can I buy a top-up of credits?

We have a pay-as-you-go option that charges you every few days.

### How do I see the remaining credits in a workspace?

You can see remaining credits at the bottom left on the web app or in the Profile/Settings in the mobile apps.

### Can I get free credits?

You can get more FREE credits by posting about Vibecode on X, Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, LinkedIn, Facebook, Reddit, Threads, or Bluesky.

Log into Vibecode and click in the bottom left to redeem!

Commit message:

Update support information across documentation to emphasize using Intercom chat in the app for direct assistance, while retaining Discord community links for additional support.

Getting-Started/Plans-and-Credits.mdx, after:

---
title: "Plans and Credits"
description: "Understanding Vibecode pricing, plans, and credit system"
---

Vibecode follows an industry-first "Wholesale Credit System". This means that \$1 on the Vibecode platform is exactly the \$1 cost we incur from the AI model providers like OpenAI for GPT-5 or Anthropic for Claude 4 Sonnet.

This allows us to offer the most fair, transparent, and aligned pricing system with our users. We make no money when you are using our AI Agent. In the future, we plan to make money by offering hosting, deployment, payments, and other related services to build production-ready apps.

Vibecode is a subscription based service with a free plan and 3 paid plans. When you pay for a subscription you get access to more features, and more credits. You need credits to send messages in Vibecode.

## Plus Plan (\$20)

- \$60 of AI Credits (limited time offer!)
- Share apps with friends
- Human support for your apps (via Intercom chat in the app)
- Ideal for first time vibe coders

## Pro Plan (\$50)

- \$150 of AI Credits (limited time offer!)
- Share apps with friends
- Priority Technical Support - Get a real developer to help you (via Intercom chat in the app)
- SSH with Cursor
- Download Source Code
- App Store Submission
- Ideal for experienced developers and vibe coders

## Max Plan

- \$750 worth of credits (early bird offer!)
- Everything that's included in pro plan
- Priority Technical Support - Get a real developer to help you via Intercom chat (24/7, 1 minute response time)

**Credits roll over each billing cycle and never expire.**

### Important Notice:

Our pricing tiers are experimental and may evolve. We're still trying to figure out the exact way to price this product, and we may change our tier limits at any time as defined in the [terms of service](https://www.vibecodeapp.com/terms).

## FAQ about Billing

### What is a credit

Credits are used when submitting prompts in Vibecode.

### How can I upgrade my subscription?

**Web:** You can upgrade your subscription by signing into Vibecode and then clicking Upgrade in the bottom left on the web app.

**iPhone:** You can upgrade by clicking the Profile or Settings button and then scrolling down to click "Upgrade Subscription"

### How can I downgrade my subscription?

**Web:** You can downgrade your subscription by signing into Vibecode and then clicking Upgrade in the bottom left. This will allow you to select a different plan.

**iPhone:** You can follow the instructions [here](https://support.apple.com/en-us/118448)

### How can I cancel my subscription?

**Web:** You can change your billing information by going to https://www.vibecodeapp.com/account and then clicking "Manage Subscription"

**iOS:** You can follow the instructions [here](https://support.apple.com/guide/iphone/view-or-cancel-subscriptions-iph4e3e7324f/ios)

### How can I change my billing information?

You can change your billing information by going to https://www.vibecodeapp.com/account and then clicking "Manage Subscription"

### How do I download my invoices?

You can download your invoice by logging into Stripe or Apple, based on your subscription.

### How do I get more credits?

You can get more FREE credits by posting about Vibecode on X, Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, LinkedIn, Facebook, Reddit, Threads, or Bluesky.

Log into Vibecode and click in the bottom left to redeem!

You can always buy more credits by upgrading your plan or enabling pay-as-you-go.

### When does my credit limit reset?

At the date of your billing cycle every month.

### Can I buy a top-up of credits?

We have a pay-as-you-go option that charges you every few days.

### How do I see the remaining credits in a workspace?

You can see remaining credits at the bottom left on the web app or in the Profile/Settings in the mobile apps.

### Can I get free credits?

You can get more FREE credits by posting about Vibecode on X, Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, LinkedIn, Facebook, Reddit, Threads, or Bluesky.

Log into Vibecode and click in the bottom left to redeem!
