Resources/Community.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Community'
description: 'Join the Vibecode community'
---

# Community

Connect with other Vibecode builders, share your creations, and learn from the community.

## Discord Server

Join our active Discord community to chat with other builders, get help, and share your projects.

[Join Discord](https://discord.gg/qXyWYYX5Ts)

**What you'll find:**
- Real-time help and support from the community
- Share your apps and get feedback
- Learn tips and tricks from experienced builders
- Early access to new features and announcements
- Connect with the Vibecode team

## Social Media

Follow us on social media to stay updated:

- **X/Twitter**: [@vibecodeapp](https://x.com/vibecodeapp) - Latest updates and announcements
- **Instagram**: [@vibecodeapp](https://www.instagram.com/vibecodeapp/) - Visual inspiration and community highlights
- **TikTok**: [@vibecodeapp](https://www.tiktok.com/@vibecodeapp) - Quick tutorials and app showcases
- **LinkedIn**: [@vibecodeapp](https://www.linkedin.com/company/vibecodeapp) - Company news and team updates

## Share Your Apps

Built something cool? Share it with the community! Post your apps on Discord or tag us on social media. We love featuring community-built apps and helping builders get recognition for their work.

## Get Featured

The best community apps may be featured on:
- Our official social media channels
- The Vibecode blog
- Community showcase in the app
- Newsletter highlights

Commit message:

Update support information across documentation to emphasize using Intercom chat in the app for direct assistance, while retaining Discord community links for additional support.

Resources/Community.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Community'
description: 'Join the Vibecode community'
---

# Community

Connect with other Vibecode builders, share your creations, and learn from the community.

## Discord Server

Join our active Discord community to chat with other builders, get help, and share your projects.

[Join Discord](https://discord.gg/qXyWYYX5Ts)

**What you'll find:**
- Real-time help and support from the community
- Share your apps and get feedback
- Learn tips and tricks from experienced builders
- Early access to new features and announcements
- Connect with the Vibecode team

## Official Support

For direct support from the Vibecode team, use Intercom chat in the app - it's the easiest way to request support! You'll be notified by email and notification when we reply to you.

## Social Media

Follow us on social media to stay updated:

- **X/Twitter**: [@vibecodeapp](https://x.com/vibecodeapp) - Latest updates and announcements
- **Instagram**: [@vibecodeapp](https://www.instagram.com/vibecodeapp/) - Visual inspiration and community highlights
- **TikTok**: [@vibecodeapp](https://www.tiktok.com/@vibecodeapp) - Quick tutorials and app showcases
- **LinkedIn**: [@vibecodeapp](https://www.linkedin.com/company/vibecodeapp) - Company news and team updates

## Share Your Apps

Built something cool? Share it with the community! Post your apps on Discord or tag us on social media. We love featuring community-built apps and helping builders get recognition for their work.

## Get Featured

The best community apps may be featured on:
- Our official social media channels
- The Vibecode blog
- Community showcase in the app
- Newsletter highlights
